Apparently, I am now a feminist Promax
Ultra. Fascinating. I must have missed
the keynote. What does that even mean
anymore? Is there a ranking system? Do I
get an update, a budge, early access? At
this point, feminist feels more like a
label woman without even knowing what
they're actually proud of. Is it
independence, anger, paying all the
bills while permanently being tired and
calling it empowerment? I am genuinely
asking if feminism means women having
standards, not settling for bare minimum
men making their own money so they will
not end up trapped, then yes, sign me
up. Promax, ultra, whatever the highest
version is. But if feminism means that
men and women are the same, going 50/50
with the bills and shaming women for
wanting to be cared for, then no. This
version never made sense to me. Women
were not designed to live like men, act
like men, replace men, or compete with
men. Acting like you don't need anyone
isn't power. It's just very good
marketing. Whether you call it
patriarchy, government, or a system that
works suspiciously well, the ironic part
is we actually lost our real leverage.
So if that makes me a feminist promax
ultra, fine. Just don't expect me to
live like one.